Boyan_Tiholov_00000.wav|Hello. Hello. Good morning, sir. Morning. How are you? Very good. Thank you. What about you? I'm good. I'm good. How was the rest of your weekend? No, it was fine then. Very fine for me as well and now we're back to business. Okay, yes. Something I want to ask you. Did you send your money? Did you use your own personal account or did you use somebody else's account? No, my personal account, D. Govinda. Your own personal account? No, no, no. It comes up there. Caroline, see how Govinda, you see how profiled is listed like that, but it's my account. My account number, the 404. So when it comes up for some reason, it comes up with my wife's name on the top day. She is here, Govinda. My colleague from customer support who was asking about this, give me just one sec. Just one moment. Sorry. I'm just chatting with her. You are, so it's not a share of the account but your own personal account, yeah? My own personal account, but like we all fall under the same profile, I can't. So for some reason, it comes up with her name because initially when we first opened the account, it was under her profile. So all my account listed comes under her profile. And when you get a bank statement on your account, my personal account? It comes up your name, yeah? My name. Ah, okay. Just give me just a moment. I was just going to, just one moment. Yeah. What's the, you know, I didn't question, that you gave me, yeah, I was just going to tell you what's there. Okay. The charge was there. Well, yeah? No, some of it was going to be there. It was going to be there. It was going to be there in the first place. Yeah. It was going to be there in the first place. Before it was going to be my house, I never know. Yeah. Then I said that no, it was going to be there in the first place. It was the charge was there. Yeah. For the plaza. Plaza. How was it, the meridian market? Yes, Daniel. Ah, okay. Now, once again, which bank was that that you used for the payment? Absolutely. Absolutely. And it's another business, another trust account, but just a personal account, yeah? Personal account, yeah. Personal account. And you are the only person with an access to the account. Yes, yes. Like you're not having some mutual permissions with the wife on it or something like that. No, no, no, no, no. Okay. Get a bank statement, please. We need a first bridge where your name is visible and your address and also this transaction that you made with us. Everything else you can hide it. You can blur it and just send a bank statement to the WhatsApp. Can you do that? I can do that, yeah. Okay. And how much time do you need to send the back statement so I can ask my colleagues to check it out? Give me an hour. I just have to go to see to the bank and just keep on to you and then I can do it all. I can do it off my phone. Let me see if I can do it off my phone and then I can do it. You can do it on your phone. You're going to save time, yeah. So let me see what I can do. Send it on that WhatsApp on the 065 number. Those are our customer support ladies. And then when you send it, she's going to check it and I'm going to call you back. Okay. So that one that says how to invest or come get the one. No, not the one how to know how to treat, but the other one remember I gave you the 065. Yeah, I think you did this. Oh, you would be able to tell me what upon that one or just forward with the number or you only. Let me send you. I'm going to send you an SMS with the number now. Please. Just a moment. Just a second. Richard. Yeah. Come here. Yeah. Okay. Tell me when you get the SMS. I send you an SMS on your phone. It looks like a busy day for me today. You know, the market is moving like crazy and people are going online. All of them. Yeah, I see that. Yeah. Okay. I got it. Thank you. You got the SMS. Yeah. And then also while you were there, I got to feed that from an email. I think I was trying to open one account or something and they said that. You to my experience and what said you I don't qualify for that one. Do you remember? You remember that after we made the payment on Saturday, then after that I went to you went through those series of questions. Yeah. Every time every client who makes mistakes on those questions is getting an email saying that you might not be prepared and the market is risk and all that. Okay. Anyways, you when you are a beginner trader, it's perfectly normal that you don't know all those things. So that's nothing new. Yeah. We're going to teach you all that stuff as well. Okay. Yeah. Just this is how our company you see the way we work. We are telling you about the risks and we're telling you that we're going to teach you. We're not like all the other people that give just fake promises. And we're getting help you with nothing. So I'm going to tell the lady that she will receive a WhatsApp from you on the 065 number. Send the back statement. It's very important for us to see your name together with the transaction for 5,000 that you made yesterday of the other day. No problem. No problem. I'm going to talk after that. Thank you. Okay. Bye bye. Yoko has been placed on.
Boyan_Tiholov_00001.wav|Hello. Yes, hello. Hi, Tom B. Hi, how are you? I'm very good and you? I'm good. Fantastic. I'm calling you because I see that you are interested in trading and making extra money online. Is that right? Oh, yes. All right. Have you traded before? Oh, now is your first time. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Did you have telecasts? No, the first time. No, the first one. You must be very excited about first time. Are you? Are you? Yes. No, no. All right, Colt, Tom B. You must be very excited about first time, are you? Yes. All right. Tom B. You might easily start with trading today. All right. Thank you. All right, maybe put the phone on loud speaker. Okay, I'll be in the window. Everybody, please. All right. Ok. I think it just opened your Google browser. OK. Tell me when the rule is open. The names are open. I hope I'm catching at the right time of the day. Yes, but I'm on duty. What kind of work are you doing? You are on duty, right? If I want to do that, I'm going to go to one board and look at C. You're a T now. Yes. What do you do? Are you a captain or what? Oh, no. I'm a head chef. You what? I'm a head chef. Chef. Yes. I'm a head. The head of the head. Yes. So you're cooking over there on the restaurant, on the ship? Yes. Wow. That sounds like a very exciting job. Thank you. Tell me when the sea is having waves, your hands with the eggs going down on the floor or something like that, or what's happening? Yeah, it's happening. It's happening, yeah? Sometimes it happens because of the bad weather. I think it's a bad weather, so it goes up and down. It must be difficult to cook in the bad weather, I can imagine. Yeah, it's like, ah, you know what the sick is, very very bad. For how long are you doing this job? Oh, yes, from 2011 and so on. Oh, yeah, it's a long time. So how much time do you spend at sea? Like what part of the montagne there? I'm getting off next week, by the way. So, um, on 24, two weeks, all six weeks out. Oh, that's interesting. How much time do you have at home, relaxing? Yeah, at least I have seen my, my 10 weeks, two weeks. That's good. That's good. Compared to many other jobs, it sounds very good to me. And you know what, what is even better is that here in the online trading, it can also make your money work for you. Yes, I need my money, I need my own money. I'm leading, not a cash, not the service one. But I think we need to do the right time. What about these two concerts tomorrow around one of your car? Check my lunch, one of your concentric, no tomorrow. One of your tomorrow, yeah? Yes, one to three, I'll be available. Tomorrow, one to three, I'm going to put my dad one on my schedule. And I'm also going to send you an email. You're going to see the email from Boyan, my name is Boyan. So all the other information about our company. And I'll take it from there. Yes, right. Yes, it's on socials again. Thank you. What do you want to ask me now? Yes, I can trust you. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. And yourself? What happened? No, just before I asked you, you wanted to ask me something, but I interrupted you. What was it? I was asking, oh, I was asking, and you know, I was asking, I was here in South Africa. I was asking, I don't know, but it's social around here in South Africa. Yeah, we are using the South African line number, but now our trading company is based in Pretoria. And we also have a office which is located in Europe. So I'm calling you from Europe now, from Bulgaria. Oh my god. I'm so excited about that. Are you happy? Yes. Because some people are getting confused. But I think for you, it's going to be nice to talk to people from overseas for a change, not only with locals. Yes, it's so nice. So nice. Yeah, so once again, we, the doesn't matter that I'm in Europe right now, the head office of the company is in Pretoria, plus we are also registered on the FSCA, the financial regulator of South Africa. So what? All right, my dear. So we said tomorrow between 1 and 3, that will be the right time to go online, yeah? Yes, yes. I'll take my line from around 1 o'clock to 3. That's fantastic. And how old are you by the way? You sound quite young on the phone. Oh, you are not over at 50 years old. 50? Yes. Wow, you sound like a 37 maybe? Oh no. I am 46 myself. So we're pretty much the same age. Oh. Both of us. Oh, you. I just have a little bit more experience in trading. And you have more experience in cooking so we can exchange. I can show you ways of making money. You can show me some of the things you do. Yes, and I'm going to show you my money. It's very good to give me money. I'll show you everything. I'll teach you everything. You're going to show me some very easy, very delicious things. Yeah, you can just continue tomorrow. All right, Tombi. Pleasure talking to you, my dear. I'm dropping you the email now. Don't forget to check the email because I will send you a lot of things. I will send you a lot of valuable information. All right. We're going to take it from there. No, thank you, one of my scents. Thanks for everything. I'll check your email. I'll stick to the doctor because I'm going to work now. Okay, my dear. God bless. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
Boyan_Tiholov_00002.wav|Hello. Oh Felix. Yes. Hi, good evening, how are you? I'm good and you, boss. I'm very good, thank you for asking. I'm calling you because I see that yesterday you made an application. And you are interested in trading with gold and making extra money online. Is that right? Yeah, is this true? And I also see that you want to start with 20,000. Is that correct? Is this true? Okay, Felix, have you traded before, or that will be the first time for you now? No, that is the first time. All right then, let's go. And I don't know how can I wait. I will show you how you can do the trading is a very, very simple thing, okay? Yeah, I understand, sounds? You are South African, right? No, I know this is South African person from Malawi, but I belong here. Oh, you from Malawi, yeah? I'm from Malawi, aren't you? Oh, fantastic, and for how many years are you in South Africa? I, it's modern systems. I have a lot of time, and do you have documents in South Africa? No, I just use the passports. The Malawi passport, yeah? Yeah, I use them in Malawi passport because I was a woman, I got my wife from Malawi, so that's why I didn't change my thing, the documents. And you made sure you didn't apply for work permit or residence permit, something like that you didn't do? I did do, to be honest. I'm asking you, my friend, you know, for me personally there is no problem, but the company requires that every client who is investing with us needs to have any valid document from South Africa, so I think that might be a problem. Right now, even I understand that, but you, what you're asking, the good questions, no problem, continue. No, that means that right now, even if you invest with us, you won't be able to verify the account because you don't have those documents, yeah? So which means I have to, or I have to fit those documents before? Yeah, you won't be able to do anything with us. I mean, there might be some other companies that don't require those documents, but I don't know about us, it's going to be difficult for you. If you only have the passport from Malawi, it's not going to be possible to proceed now. Yeah, in that passport from Malawi, go to it. Yeah, but you need to also have a work permit or residence permit in South Africa, so you can trade with us and obviously you don't have it. So sorry to cut you off like that, but I think we won't be able to proceed now. Okay, okay, no, I understand. I'm going to drop you. I'm going to drop you my email and in future, if you get some documents, so the African documents, you just get back so that we can talk about it. Okay, the one, the one to explain to me, which means I understand about that, which means to get the documents. It is not a problem to me because often I got the bill and I'm doing the business. The staff in prime is building construction, the one is jobs and what I'm doing. And the one of those is building construction, now the one of those construction. Okay, so it should be easy for you to apply for some permits, business permit or residence permit and then get back to me. All right, no, this is the number, the one I use when I'm done to apply those things. What you need to do is to reply to my email. You will receive an email from Boyan, my name is Boyan. Okay. So you find the email from Boyan and then once you keep that email the day you have documents and reply to my email and say hello Boyan, call me back. I'm going to call you and I will help you with that, with the trading. Well, I do not think so myself. Oh, I do not think so. Yeah, you speak, yeah, you do not lost, you speak into a little person, the one you are doing everything. Okay, now good stuff. All right, Felix, bye bye. No, you bye, wait, let me try to apply before end of this month then I will see what is going on. Okay, okay, now we are going to continue with the, we are going to try. All right, take care, bye bye. Bye bye.
Boyan_Tiholov_00003.wav|었어 hey Today you know I was just checking my phone and my system I saw that in the last one month I called you more often than I call my wife, you know. So we are something like we are the most close friends now. Yeah, I see. How is everything going on your side? How is everything going on your side? Everything good? I can't say much. I think I am very delaying here and I said, I am starting to get what it is now. Sorry. What are you worried about? Like if I have some clues, yeah. Like if people are delaying me to kill me this man that I was looking for. I don't know anymore. Maybe I have to just switch for my payment, I guess. Maybe it's coming to work for me. Is it only about delay with the money or is it once we spoken? You share with me that you are also concerned about the risk on the market. So is the risk also something that is stopping you or is it just about the money? No, it's about the money. I hope you keep the payment for delay. Yeah, sorry, gone. You take the payment for the risk for I was willing to take it. Okay, that's good. Yeah, it's our only way to take it. Can you see where it put me? That's the only way for you to put your life in a better position. One way or another, some chances need to be taken, some risks in life. Because the other option, you know, for there are many people who are afraid to take risk, but those people are spending 78 years of their life just going, doing the same job and getting the same pension and spending their whole life just complaining that money is not enough. But... Yeah, it's just for... You don't want to be. You don't want to be one of those people for sure, I know that. No, I won't. I know. Like, it's all in what I have, it's to get that money on time. That's only the challenge I have. And now I'll be investing in all this. Okay. So, right now, as we speak, what is the plan? When are you expecting it? Okay, let's just... Let's try to take something that I'm sure about. Because... So, if you are just in Campbell, then once you're supposed to get that money and bring some stories. So, I'm going to get the payment from municipality. They told me it should be only 15. This is not only 15. It should be Martin. Between those... They said they told me they only pay only 15 and only 30 cents. 15.31, yeah? Well, okay. Yeah, so I'm not going to say... Yeah, go on. So, for now, that's the only option I have. Because I thought I would get some money very quick so that I would be stuck in investing. But with the leaves, I think I'm failing to start to move. So, so much as expected too. In that case, I will call you on the 15th. Let's hope. Let's hope that something good will finally happen. If something happens before the 15, you still keep my email and you can reach me on the email, right? Yeah, yeah. I was going to email you tomorrow morning. Okay, so I'll take you. What is going on? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, Mr. Polani. Yeah, but we need to go to the fourth. 15. It is not 15. Social, Martin. Definitions. All right, my friend. Okay. I want to go to the insurance because once I put my shirt to some people, I will say that I'm not going to be able to do anything. If they are not faithful to me, then it should seem that if I'm not interested or I'm lying. No, no, I will never say or think anything like that. I know that you are relying on other people and anytime when you rely on other people, you can never be 100% sure about anything. Yeah. Yeah. I fully understand that. I think that's... Yeah. But as soon as I get the moment, definitely, I wish I'm already satisfied even now. Okay. Anything else I can help you with now? No, for now I'm okay. I'm okay, Mr. William. Okay, Polani. God bless you. We'll be in touch. Okay. Thanks a lot, miss. Bye. Bye.
Boyan_Tiholov_00004.wav|Position. Hello. Hello, Karabo. Hi, Sayer. Hello, my dear. How are you? Good, and you. Very good. This is Boyan calling you from FXGM regarding the trading. I know you. You still remember me, huh? I do. Wow. I was thinking that you. I was thinking that you forgot about me and you deleted me from the trading. I was thinking that you forgot about me and you deleted me from the trading. I was thinking that you forgot about me and you deleted me from the trading. I was thinking that you forgot about me and you deleted me from your memory already. I have been calling you morning, afternoon, lunchtime, evening, only at night I was not calling you. Not today. Not today. Not today. A couple of... Last week, before last week, I was... I was trying and trying. Yeah. So, you are still interested in the trading, right? Yeah, something on. Okay, let's go online and let's get started. My dear now is the time today is your day. I don't know, I didn't manage to buy a that's for my my my router. So is that the only problem that that? Yeah, until this is really because I have time to get paid you only 15. On the 15 you want to have the data. Yes, I've asked my husband to buy me that's for my router. Otherwise do you have some questions about the trading? No, I feel like my husband is normal about it. So he supported me on that one. So he supports you about it. Yes, he too. Very good. Yeah, very good. He's such an gentleman. Ah, yeah, I can imagine if he's married to you, he must be a very nice guy. Yes, he is. He's one of the high. Hello sir. Hello, hello, you man. I'm doing well. What about you? I went to create. Fantastic. Fantastic. I was I was talking to a couple of times. I was explaining to her how the trading works house. You can make money with us. And I'm quite happy that you are supporting. Yes, it took me about you guys. So you gave her the blessings. You gave her the thumbs up. Yes, I support you. Fantastic. So how much is she going to start with? Did you discuss that? Four. Four. Four. Four. Four, four. Four, four. Four, four. Four, four. Four, four. Four, four. Four, four. Four, four. Four, four. Four, four. Five. Four, four. Four. Five. Four. No, but she asked me. I'm going to call back on the 15th. Yeah, Karabo. Do you have? Is Karabo having something to ask as well or? Everything is fine. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no. Better patient. It's very happy that you have this. We discussed about the agent. Then my husband is very happy. He's always going to be rich. Next time he's writing in the future. Okay, thank you. Thanks to you. Thanks to you and I'm for not giving up. Okay, maybe okay. I'm very happy now on the 15th I should call you say, yeah? Not on the 15th exactly because he will be doing some stuff, you know, but you call me on the adhesive engine to be on the 15th and we'll know for sure. Yeah. 17 then also this is then we're going to inspect that's the same day when I have the data for the router and the money green. Yeah, so that's a day that I'll have data and the money in there. I'm gonna do everything on the 17th. All right, all right, my dear fantastic. So I'm gonna call you on the 17th in the meantime. Do you still keep my email so you can email me back if you need something or do you need me to send it again? Yeah, please, please do. I'm gonna send you information about the company once again and then reply to me if something happens before the 17th. Okay, did you sell it? I was calling her a couple of times, but then I don't know what happened. Yeah, I mean, I wouldn't. Yeah, because she's struggling with the phone now. Struggling with that one, yeah? Yeah. Okay, okay. But we keep on trying. Maybe somewhere next week because this weekend next week, she'll be attending the funeral. Yeah, so she's also interested still. Yeah, yes, that's what I told you and then we always use custody. Okay, so maybe maybe you can try and talk to her again so that you can encourage her a little bit. Can you just give me her phone number once again because I'm trying to find it now? Oh, okay. Let me look for her number. Oh, it's 0.3. 0.7.3, yeah? 9.4. 9.4. 6.8.64. 6.8.64. So it's 0.7.3.9.4.4. 6.8.64. Okay, my dear. It's been pleasure. We're going to talk on the 17th. Okay, okay, okay. Call me. I don't. I don't. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay, my dear. Bye. Bye. Bye, bye.
Boyan_Tiholov_00005.wav|One girl nothing up for me, two girls nothing up for me, three girls nothing up for me. Good day, hello. Hello, how are you, Tommy? I'm fine, I'm fine. Very good, my dear. Thank you for asking. Once again, this is Buyan calling you regarding the online trading. Alright, thank you. How is the day going? Everything okay? Yes, you are a thing of a crazy from so many acts and I'm so do you have not? Yes, you are saying that your lunch break is until three o'clock so we can go online for a couple of minutes now so I can help you start trading. Yes, yes, yes, please. Okay, put the phone on loudspeaker. Yes, it's on loudspeaker already. And after that you open your Google browser. Alright, just wait a minute. Here's some on it. Here, let's carry on. Okay, then after that you have the Google open, yeah? Yes, it's open. I'm going to spell the website for you. The first letter is F like father. You can make it small letters. Yes. So F. The second one is X for X ray. X for X. Small letters. You don't need capitals. Okay, right? F X then G for gold. Yes. M for mother. Yes. So it's F X GM. Yes. F X GM. F X GM. F X GM with the Sadafra Conflag over there. Yes. Very good idea. Click on that one with the Sadafra Conflag. Yes, I mean that's all for the compact. Just click on that one. You are born in Sadafra, yeah? Yes. Okay, you need a second for what? Oh, the problem is my phone now. Actually three fingers. It's okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Oh my god. I'm going to go through. Oh my god. Let me start the second thing. Oh my god. Thank you. Can you give me a second? It's except for X GM. No, it's F X GM. Oh, it's X. First one is F like father. All right. Next, Keryl. F X GM. See all those areas. Let's see. It's sweet. I'm going to check it very, very, very, very, very. Have you had the ship now? Yes. Okay. See right now. How is the weather today? I'm going to check the weather. Is it, okay? Is it a mobile data that you use on a Wi-Fi? Yeah, I've got a Wi-Fi. Everything is full of credit data also. Ah, because the weather is moving. I'm going to check it out. The Wi-Fi is so close to the weather. It's a short-term weather. Oh my god. You know I'm going to check it out. Are there any other things you can do without this? Without what? Without going online? No. R-ucharise. I don't have money. I don't have money at the moment. Sometimes they, we have this process. Are there any remakes, they, they're all paid? I have already had fat, but here. Yes, I have bought it. I haven't put them now. I mean, everything is happening on the trading platforms so we need to open the platform anyways, one way or another. Oh God. What time are you looking after? Oh. I'm going to be in the office up until 60 KG and then I can go on. 7 o'clock I'm gonna be away from the office already. What about tomorrow? It's fine, okay. Let's try it again tomorrow then. Once again in the lunch break tomorrow. Yes, yes, one at the same time. Okay, and yesterday I've also sent you an email. You saw the email, right? I didn't get any email. How did you get my email? I got it because you made an application with us yesterday. You left your number, your email with us and your name? I'm still checking here. I didn't see anything, sir. I'm gonna send the email once again. I'm gonna be back tomorrow. I'm gonna be in the office again. Yes, yes, yes. I'm a resending media. No problem. Okay, please. Okay, then. Have a good one. Bye-bye. Okay, bye.
Boyan_Tiholov_00006.wav|I'm cool, I'm cool Mr. Brannis. That's fantastic. I'm very happy about that. How was your weekend? Did you enjoy it? Mine was nice and relaxing. Thank you for asking. And now, today and tomorrow is a very exciting time on the market. There are some big news coming. This is something that can make a lot of money for the traders. That's why I'm calling you now because I remember that now is going to be... Last time you said that now is the perfect time to get started, yeah? Yeah, I'm still trying to find out the money. But I think I want to put you into an image. Let me see, I'm going to buy it during this week. Okay, because last time... I get on the fifth of October, you're getting something. That's why I was thinking that now should be the time for us to go online. Yeah, so the problem is, as I've said, I was trying to put Romani from someone else. Just for the moment. Okay, so just as I said, okay, sorry, go on. Mine is... As I said, last time, the municipality said it's going to be me by this month. So I was thinking, what should I do? So that I was starting so soon. Okay, so let me see why I'm looking. So you still want to do it, yeah? Yeah, it's a very interesting thing. Okay, that's what I'm doing to get what I'm doing. It's okay. Notice I understand my friends. So when should I call you back? During this week, let's say the latest Friday. I'm going to check on you. Yeah, I'm going to check on you in the next couple of days. Hopefully, hopefully the thing can happen so that, you know, it's been quite a while for us to talk. It's been a very big preparation for you. I think the first time we spoke was back in June, yeah? Just check now on the second of June. It's been four months already and in those four months, you could have made a lot of money, you could have changed your life already. I hope you realize that. Yes, I know. I'm here. Yeah, yeah, I'm here. Because I'm going to ask you if I'm telling you, but I want to start this month. Okay. I was asking if, let's say, not have the name to get maybe 2000, is it possible to start then and add it up while you're in the process? Yeah, yeah, I want to start with 2000. For the minimum, my friend, because simply with 2000, you wouldn't have very good chances of winning. And with our company, one thing that is very important is that we really want our clients to win because we know that if you just have some bad experience on the market, that's not going to do any good for you or for us as well. You're not going to keep on trading if you just lose a little bit of money, right? But I can do any money that I will get. Maybe if I receive some, is it possible to use that to be paid? You also know if you have some months and you keep it to yourself, you end up using comeware. Are you mean you want to deposit more than the minimum? Yes, just to deposit even I've not started making that. Having that amount in my account, you know. What amount are you thinking about again? Sorry. What amount are you talking about? No, I'm asking. If I'm in the pool, right now I'm failing to get a 4000 rent. So for me, each person I'm receiving an amount of 2000 rent. So instead of making a delay, it would be my station for me to produce it, not my account. Even I will not start trading, but I'm pushing, it would be easy for me. If it's just about keeping the money in so that you don't spend it on something else, and if it's about getting the rest of the money in a few days, yeah, you can do that. Meaning if let's say if you have 2000 now, and you think you're going to have another 2000 in two, three days, not a problem, you can deposit your 2000 now. It's going to stay in your account, and then in a couple of days you deposit the other 2000, and then you will be able to start. But once again, it's not going to be possible to start before you have the full 4000, you understand that, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, I understand that. That's what I was saying to ask if it's important. Yes, that, but more outside. Another good thing is that if you put part of the money, then yeah, you won't be able to trade, but you can start the verification process. You can talk to the lady, one of my colleagues about the documents, and she will explain to you how you can upload your ID document and a document showing your address, because anyways you will need to do the documents. You know that, yeah? Okay. So you can start the document process, and once you put the full amount, the rest of the money, then you will be able to start even faster. Okay, okay. So by the time, if you want to withdraw, let's say it's time for withdraw, I can stay in the thing I can expect in terms of delays or something. No, there are no delays. Let's say right now, for example, if you make a withdrawal today in the morning, then today in the afternoon, the money will be taken out of here and sent back to your bank account. And probably you're going to get your money by tomorrow. Usually it takes one business day for a client to receive the withdrawal. Yeah, no complications. No, there's just a normal payment bank to bank, so there are no complications on that one. No, no. I think I'm here for now. But I want that you down there. I'm interested. That's it. I've got some problem on my own. So I don't understand. I don't know. So you how you can deposit half of your money now, if that's what you have available. And then in a couple of days, you can deposit the rest. No, I understand. No, I was thinking. But let me see what I can do to reply to my email this week. Just reply to my email, okay? Sorry. Let me reply to my email. When you figure it out, just reply. Okay. Okay, okay. I'll do that, Mr. Man. Okay, Mr. Pomlani, always good. And looking for you. Okay, no. I'm impatient for me. No problem. No problem, Pomlani. I'm okay.